# qql-seed-db-app

This is my little project for rendering QQL images locally. It is based upon (and depends on) the 
qql-headless project released by the QQL project team - https://github.com/qql-art/qql-headless

This repository has a few different things going on (WIP = Work in Progress):

    - `scripts\bulk_render.js` is a node.js command line client for bulk-rendering QQL outputs
        for any given wallet address. You are optionally able to specify target traits you would
        like to render, or completely random.
    - (WIP) Functionality for storing the seeds, traits, etc into a mySQL database. I run a local database 
        so that I can easily search for seeds based on the traits and render data.
    - (WIP) A simple http web API for getting data from the afformentioned database. I use this for an 
        application I am writing.
    

## Installation

```
$ npm install
$ mkdir node_modules/webp-converter/temp
$ mkdir /tmp/qql-outputs
```

## MySQL Database

If you wish to try storing seeds, traits, etc into a database as you render outputs, the schema create script
is located in the file: database/qql_seed-db.sql file. It assumes a database named "qql". 

Database connection parameters used by the database models are located in "config/config.json".

## Bulk Renderer

This is probably the reason youare reading this...

Usage:

```
$ node scripts/bulk_render.js -h

$ # Render 5 outputs into <dir> using wallet <address>
$ node scripts/bulk_render.js --output <dir> --wallet <address> 5

# Render 5 outputs into /Volumes/G-RAID1/qql-outputs/render12 with traits from ./traits/qql_109.json
#   storing seeds into the database tagged with host StudioUltra
$ node ./scripts/bulk_render.js --output /Volumes/G-RAID1/qql-outputs/render12 --wallet 0x37B15E06Ad0F4520CCDd8c2557D2a28DA0354f7D --traits qql_109 --render_host StudioUltra --use_db true 5
```

### Named Traits

I found it handy to be able to specify traits by saving them into a JSON file.  These files are located in the "traits" directory and the "name" for each set of traits is just the filenam (minus the ".json" extension).  Some examples included for some odf the existing minted QQL tokens.

To create you own, just add a file to the directory named something like: "super-traits.json" and include within it:
```
{
    "flowField": "Random Radial", 
    "turbulence": "High", 
    "margin": "Crisp", 
    "colorVariety": "High",
    "colorMode": "Stacked",
    "structure": "Orbital",
    "bullseyeRings1": "On",
    "bullseyeRings3": "Off",
    "bullseyeRings7": "On",
    "ringThickness": "Mixed",
    "ringSize": "Small",
    "sizeVariety": "Wild",
    "colorPalette": "Fidenza",
    "spacing": "Dense",
    "version": 1
  }
  ```

Then you can tell the bulk renderer to use those traits for every seed generated by includeing "--traits super-traits" when executing.  ie:
```
node ./scripts/bulk_render.js --output /Volumes/G-RAID1/qql-outputs/render12 --wallet 0x37B15E06Ad0F4520CCDd8c2557D2a28DA0354f7D --traits super-traits 5"
```


### Palette Override

One fun feature I added is the ability to "override" the paleete specified in the supplied traits json file.  To use this:
```
$ node ./scripts/bulk_render.js --output /Volumes/G-RAID1/qql-outputs/render12 --wallet 0x37B15E06Ad0F4520CCDd8c2557D2a28DA0354f7D --traits qql_93 --palette_override Seattle 5
```

The value is the name of a valid QQL palette or the work "random" - which will randomize the palette for each seed.

## Notes
* IN order to save disk space, the renders are saved as compressed "webp" files.  They have a '.webp' extension.  If you wish to save the output as PNG file as well, there is a line to un-comment in the scripts/bulk_render.py file.
* The temp directory in node_modules/webp-converter is just for temp files used by the webp-converter library (Iwill get around to removing this bit at some time)
* The output filenames stored in the DB are for the PNG files that are not actually stored by default. Append '.webp' to that filename for the version stored by default.

### Thank You
* Tyler Hobbs and Dandelion Wist for QQL and qql-headless
* https://github.com/Codonyat for the idea to use json files for trait settings
